Adds new Meetup Organizers Toolkit (#9)
ansible-community/meetup: milestones/gain_awareness_of_ansible_meetups.md

## What is an Ansible Meetup?

Ansible meetup is a gathering of a small to medium-sized group of Systems Engineers, DevOps and SREs. Where they talk about their Automation journey focusing on Ansible, it is a place to teach and learn from each other. Meetup provides a platform for upstream and downstream to meet and share ideas.

> ## How to become a member of the meetup?

Reviewer: I like to address the reader directly, for a friendly feeling:
```suggestion
## How can I participate in a meetup?
```

> One can be a member of an Ansible meetup group by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can participate in an Ansible meetup group by:
```

> ### Attending the meetups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Attending a meetup
```

Check the list of current Ansible meetups. If there is already a meetup in your area, join it and register for an upcoming event.

> ### Presenting at the meetup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Presenting at a meetup
```

Do you want to present at an Ansible meetup? Do you have an idea for a session? Feel free to reach out to the meetup group either by

> - Commenting on the meetup page itself.

Reviewer: Where is the "meetup page"? Is this typically at meetup.com? On an Ansible-maintained web page? On social media? Or does it vary from meetup to meetup?

- Contacting the organizers via meetup.com direct messages.
- Open an issue at the [Github repo of the meetup group](https://github.com/ansible-community/?q=meetup) (if available).
- Share your idea at [#ansible-social](https://matrix.to/#/#social:ansible.com) Matrix room or one of the [regional rooms](https://matrix.to/#/#ansible-regional:matrix.org).

Meetup organizers always look for good presenters to enrich their events and meetup groups. So do not hold back from sharing your ideas.

### Hosting a meetup

Want to host a meetup at your organization? Then please reach out
 - by commenting on a meetup page of a local meetup
 - via social media
 - send us an [email](meetup@ansible.com)

### Organizing a meetup

> No Ansible meetup in your area? Send us an [email](meetup@ansible.com) introducing yourself. Be sure to include a link to your profile at meetup.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No Ansible meetup in your area yet? Send us an [email](meetup@ansible.com) introducing yourself. Be sure to include a link to your profile at meetup.com.
```

We want to be sure that meetup organizers are committed to building a strong local community of Ansible users. After a brief discussion, we will create the Ansible meetup group in your area, appoint you as a co-organizer, and announce your new group to the world.

Secure a date and location for your first meetup! We will help you by spreading the word on social media, reaching out to potential speakers and sponsors in your area, and suggesting new and interesting Ansible content on a regular basis.

## Who can become an organizer?

Anyone from the wider Ansible community who is committed to run an Ansible meetup group and plan/organize meetups can become an organizer. The fundamental understanding of the Open Source community, its working, and the belief in this ethos is essential to be an efficient community builder. Some knowledge about Ansible is always a plus.

> ## Ansible Community Code of Conduct

Reviewer: Could this be a link to the [CoC hosted in the main docsite](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/community/code_of_conduct.html)? Pointing there would mean less maintenance and less chance of "content drift" (where one copy of the CoC gets updated but others don't).

### Considerate

Contributions of every kind have far-ranging consequences. Just as your work depends on the work of others, decisions you make surrounding your contributions to the Ansible community will affect your fellow community members. You are strongly encouraged to take those consequences into account while making decisions.

### Patient

Asynchronous communication can come with its own frustrations, even in the most responsive of communities. Please remember that our community is largely built on volunteered time, and that questions, contributions, and requests for support may take some time to receive a response. Repeated “bumps” or “reminders” in rapid succession are not good displays of patience. Additionally, it is considered poor manners to ping a specific person with general questions. Pose your question to the community as a whole, and wait patiently for a response.

### Respectful

Every community inevitably has disagreements, but remember that it is possible to disagree respectfully and courteously. Disagreements are never an excuse for rudeness, hostility, threatening behavior, abuse (verbal or physical), or personal attacks.

### Kind

> Everyone should feel welcome in the Ansible community, regardless of their background. Please be courteous, respectful and polite to fellow community members. Do not make or post offensive comments related to skill level, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or religion. Sexualized images or imagery, real or implied violence, intimidation, oppression, stalking, sustained disruption of activities, publishing the personal information of others without explicit permission to do so, unwanted physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention are all strictly prohibited. Additionally, you are encouraged not to make assumptions about the background or identity of your fellow community members.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Everyone should feel welcome in the Ansible community, regardless of their background. Please be courteous, respectful, and polite to fellow community members. Do not make or post offensive comments related to skill level, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or religion. Sexualized images or imagery, real or implied violence, intimidation, oppression, stalking, sustained disruption of activities, publishing the personal information of others without explicit permission to do so, unwanted physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention are all strictly prohibited. Additionally, you are encouraged not to make assumptions about the background or identity of your fellow community members.
```

### Inquisitive

> The only stupid question is the one that does not get asked. We encourage our users to ask early and ask often. Rather than asking whether you can ask a question (the answer is always yes!), instead, simply ask your question. You are encouraged to provide as many specifics as possible. Code snippets in the form of Gists or other paste site links are almost always needed in order to get the most helpful answers. Refrain from pasting multiple lines of code directly into the chat channels - instead use gist.github.com or another paste site to provide code snippets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We encourage our users to ask early and ask often. Rather than asking whether you can ask a question (the answer is always yes!), instead, simply ask your question. You are encouraged to provide as many specifics as possible. Code snippets in the form of gists or other paste site links are almost always needed in order to get the most helpful answers. Refrain from pasting multiple lines of code directly into the chat channels - instead use gist.github.com or another paste site to provide code snippets.
```

Author: Removed Ansible community CoC from here to the resource section. The CoC as a whole needs to be reviewed (in my opinion). We should open up new PR for that.

### Helpful

The Ansible community is committed to being a welcoming environment for all users, regardless of skill level. We were all beginners once upon a time, and our community cannot grow without an environment where new users feel safe and comfortable asking questions. It can become frustrating to answer the same questions repeatedly; however, community members are expected to remain courteous and helpful to all users equally, regardless of skill or knowledge level. Avoid providing responses that prioritize snideness and snark over useful information. At the same time, everyone is expected to read the provided documentation thoroughly. We are happy to answer questions, provide strategic guidance, and suggest effective workflows, but we are not here to do your job for you.

> ### ****Anti-harassment policy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Anti-harassment policy
```

Author: Moved the whole section.

Harassment includes (but is not limited to) all of the following behaviors:

- Offensive comments related to gender (including gender expression and identity), age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, and religion

- Derogatory terminology including words commonly known to be slurs

- Posting sexualized images or imagery in public spaces

- Deliberate intimidation

- Stalking

- Posting others’ personal information without explicit permission

- Sustained disruption of talks or other events

- Inappropriate physical contact

- Unwelcome sexual attention

Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply immediately. Sponsors are also subject to the anti-harassment policy. In particular, sponsors should not use sexualized images, activities, or other material. Meetup organizing staff and other volunteer organizers should not use sexualized attire or otherwise create a sexualized environment at community events.

> In addition to the behaviors outlined above, continuing to behave a certain way after you have been asked to stop also constitutes harassment, even if that behavior is not specifically outlined in this policy. It is considerate and respectful to stop doing something after you have been asked to stop, and all community members are expected to comply with such requests immediately.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to the behaviors outlined above, continuing to behave in a certain way after you have been asked to stop also constitutes harassment, even if that behavior is not specifically outlined in this policy. It is considerate and respectful to stop doing something after you have been asked, and all community members are expected to comply with such requests immediately.
```

Reviewer 2: I don't know if I really agree with this part. I mean, I agree with the spirit of what this text says. What I'm unsure of is if this is too vague. The second sentence goes a little overboard imo too.

Author: A separate PR to CoC.

### Policy violations

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported by contacting codeofconduct@ansible.com, to anyone with administrative power in community chat (Admins or Moderators on Matrix, ops on IRC), or to the local organizers of an event. Meetup organizers are encouraged to prominently display points of contact for reporting unacceptable behavior at local events.

> If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the meetup organizers may take any action they deem appropriate. These actions may include but are not limited to warning the offender, expelling the offender from the event, and barring the offender from future community events.

Reviewer 2: What if the meetup organizers deem it appropriate to take physical action?

Author: Same as above.(a separate PR to CoC.)
